How did you get here?
Nobody's supposed to be here
I've tried that love thing for the last time
My heart said, "No, no"
Nobody's supposed to be here
But you came along and changed my mind, my mind, my mind
I've spent all my life on a search to find
The love who'll stay for eternity
The heaven sent to fulfill my needs
But when I turn around
Again, love has knocked me down
My heart got broken, oh, it hurts so bad
I'm sad to say love wins again
So, I placed my heart under lock and key (Ooh, yeah)
To take some time and take care of me (Mm-hmm)
But I turn around and you're standing here
How did you get here? (Get here)
Nobody's supposed to be here (Mm-hmm, nobody's supposed to be here)
I've tried that love thing for the last time (Oh)
My heart said, "No, no" (No)
Nobody's supposed to be here (Nobody's supposed to be here, but)
But you came along and changed my mind, my mind, my mind
This time, I swear I'm through
But if only you knew
How many times I've said those words
Then fall again, when will I ever learn?
Knowing these tears I've cried, this lovely black butterfly
Must take a chance and spread my wings
Love can make you do some crazy things
So, I placed my heart under lock and key (Ooh, yeah)
To take some time and take care of me (Mm-hmm)
But I turn around and you're standing here
(How did you)
Standing here, oh yeah! (How did you get here?)
No, nobody
No, no, no, no, no, no (Surely, nobody's supposed to be here)
Woo! (In here)
Nobody (Nobody), mmm
No, no, no, no, no
No, no, no, no, no
No!
How did you get here?
Nobody's supposed to be here (Yeah, oh yeah)
I've tried that love thing for the last time (I've tried it over and over, and my)
My heart said, "No, no" (My heart said, "No, no, no, no!")
Nobody's supposed to be here (Nobody's supposed to be here)
But you came along and changed my mind, my mind, my mind (Came along and you changed me)
How did you get here? (I'm not supposed to love again)
Nobody's supposed to be here (I'm not supposed to care anymore)
I've tried that love thing for the last time
My heart said, "No, no" (No, no, no, no, oh, no)
Nobody's supposed to be here (No, no, no, no, oh, no)
But you came along and changed my mind