Have you ever loved somebody so much it makes you cry?
Have you ever needed something so bad you can't sleep at night?
Have you ever tried to find the words but they don't come out right?
Have you ever?
Have you ever? (Have you ever?)
Have you ever been in love, been in love so bad
You'd do anything, to make them understand?
Have you ever had someone steal your heart away?
You'd give anything to make them feel the same
Have you ever searched for words to get you in their heart?
But you don't know what to say and you don't know where to start?
Have you ever loved?
Have you ever loved somebody so much it makes you cry? (Oh)
Have you ever needed something so bad you can't sleep at night? (Just so bad)
Have you ever tried to find the words but they don't come out right?
Have you ever? (Have you ever?)
Have you ever? (Ooh)
Have you ever found the one you've dreamed of all of your life?
Do just about anything, to look into their eyes
Have you finally found the one you've given your heart to
Only to find that one won't give their heart to you?
Have you ever closed your eyes and dreamed that they were there?
And all you can do is wait for the day when they will care
Have you ever loved somebody?
Have you ever loved somebody so much it makes you cry? (Makes you wanna break down and cry)
Have you ever needed something so bad you can't sleep at night? (So, so bad)
Have you ever tried to find the words but they don't come out right? (Oh)
Have you ever? (Have you ever?)
Have you ever? (Have you ever, ever, ever? Oh, ooh)
What do I gotta do to get you in my arms, baby?
What do I gotta say to get to your heart
To make you understand how I need you next to me?
Gotta get you in my world
'Cause, baby, I can't sleep
Have you ever loved somebody?
Have you ever loved somebody so much it makes you cry? (So much, have you)
Have you ever needed something so bad you can't sleep at night? (Have you ever needed something, it breaks you apart inside?)
Have you ever tried to find the words but they don't come out right? Hoo
Have you ever?
Have you ever loved somebody?
Have you ever loved somebody so much it makes you cry?
Have you ever needed something so bad you can't sleep at night? (So bad, you, you can't sleep at, just can't sleep at night)
Have you ever tried to find the words but they don't come out right? (Find the words, don't come out, oh)
Have you ever? (Have you ever?)
Have you ever? (Have you ever, ever, ever?)
Oh, have you ever?