Hello, everyone, 
this is your Action News reporter with all the news
 that is news across the nation, on the scene at the supermarket. There seems to have been some disturbance here. Pardon me, sir, did you see what happened?
Yeah, I did. I's standin' overe there by the tomaters, 
and here he come, running through the pole beans, through the fruits and vegetables
, 
nekkid as a jay bird
. And I hollered over to Ethel, I said, 
"Don't look, Ethel!
" But it's too late, she'd already been incensed
(Here he comes) Boogity, boogity
(There he goes) Boogity, boogity
(And he ain't wearin' no clothes)
Oh, yes, they call him the Streak (Boogity, boogity)
Fastest thing on two feet (Boogity, boogity)
He's just as proud as he can be of his anatomy
He gon' give us a peek
Oh, yes, they call him the Streak (Boogity, boogity)
He likes to show off his physique (Boogity, boogity)
If there's an audience to be found, he'll be streakin' around
Invitin' public critique
This is your Action News reporter once again, and we're here at the gas station. Pardon me, sir, did you see what happened?
Yeah, I did. I's just in here gettin my tires checked, he just appeared out of the traffic. Come streakin' around the grease rack there, didn't have nothin' on but a smile! I looked in there, and Ethel was gettin' her a cold drink. I hollered, "Don't look, Ethel!" But it was too late. She'd already been mooned. 
Flashed her right there in front of the shock absorbers
.
(He ain't crude) Boogity, boogity
(He ain't lewd) Boogity, boogity
(He's just in the mood to run in the nude)
Oh, yes, they call him the Streak (Boogity, boogity)
He likes to turn the other cheek (Boogity, boogity)
He's always makin' the news, wearin' just his tennis shoes
Guess you could call him unique
Once again, your Action News reporter in the booth at the gym, covering the disturbance at the basketball playoff. Pardon me, sir, did you see what happened?
Yeah, I did. Halftime, I's just goin' down thar to get Ethel a snow cone. And here he come, 
right out of the cheap seats, dribbling, right down the middle of the court
. 
Didn't have on nothing but his PF's
. Made a hook shot and got out through the concessions stand. I hollered up at Ethel, I said, "Don't look, Ethel!" But it was too late. She'd already got a 
free shot
. Grandstanded her, right there in front of the home team
Oh, yes, they call him the Streak (Boogity, boogity)
(Here he comes again! Who's that with him?)
The fastest thing on two feet (Boogity, boogity)
(Ethel? Is that you, Ethel?)
He's just as proud as he can be of his anatomy
(What do you think you're doin'?)
He's gonna give us a peek
(You git yer clothes on!)
Oh, yes, they call him the Streak (Boogity, boogity)
(Ethel! Where you goin'?)
He likes to show off his physique (Boogity, boogity)
(Ethel, you shameless hussy!)
If there's an audience to be found, he'll be streakin' around
Invitin' public critique
(Say it isn't so, Ethel!)
Oh, yes, they call him the Streak (Boogity, boogity)
(Etheeeeeel!)
The fastest thing on two feet (Boogity, boogity)