Bone Bone Bone Bone, Bone Bone Bone Bone Bone
Now tell me what'cha gonna do (Now tell me what...)
When there ain't no where to run
When judgment comes for you (When judgment comes for you)
Now tell me what'cha gonna do (Now tell me what...) When there ain't no where to hide
When judgment comes for you (Cause it's gonna come for you)
Now feel it, the pain was gettin' me hypеd and so violent
But Wally was the worst of us all
Pump in his chest and hе never knew it
Poor Wally had to fall victim, a casualty
But I lay my soul down and I think it all better when it falls down
Everybody got problems to face to face everyday
With it when there's so many lost souls (Lost souls)
God bless you workin' on a plan to Heaven follow the Lord all 24
7 days, God is who we praise even though the devil's all up in my face
But he keepin' me safe and in my place, say grace
And maybe you people should do to the same (The game)
Recognize a good game man, it's an everyday thang how we gotta maintain
Now follow me roll stroll whether it's Hell or it's Heaven
Come let's go take a visit of people that's long gone on their rest;
Wally, Eazy, Terry, Boo
It's steadily creepin' up on the family
Exactly how many days we got lasting?
While you laughin' we're passin' passin' away
Little Eazy's long gone, really wish he would come home
But when it's time to die, gotta go bye bye, all a little thug could do was cry, cry
Why they kill my dog? Damn man, I miss my Uncle Charles ya'll
And he shouldn't be gone, in front of his home
What they did to Boo was wrong (Ooh wrong, ooh wrong...)
We choose the way you gonna go into the coffin man
When it comes to Judgement Day
Flame and blaze, and up at The Door
With all of my problems man
What a thankful day
Through the pain I still maintain
Bang! Put it on my grave
See you at the crossroads, crossroads, crossroads
So you won't be lonely
See you at the crossroads, crossroads, crossroads
So you won't be lonely
See you at the crossroads, crossroads, crossroads
So you won't be lonely
See you at the crossroads, crossroads, crossroads
So you won't be lonely
Hey my niggas, you know that we care
And cough up weed wit a me peoples
 and I believe 'em
Rest In Peace, son
When I hit the hater hater, where will I go? This world has been so cruel
And runnin' up when they're hittin 'em strong, Bone
I still feel for you even though your long gone (Wally, Wally)
You always got love from Bone
Eternally, gotta love Little E for lovin' me and my peoples B.O.N.E
Yeah, you put that Bone Thugs on now
What's up with murder yall? See my little cousin was hung, somebody was really wrong
Everybody want to test us dog
And Miss Sleazy set up Eazy to fall
You know we be sinnin' and Krayzie intended on endin' it when it ends
Murder come again, again and again
Now tell me whatcha gonna do?
And now that they see that the world goes round and round and round
Now I'm startin' to see why somedays I was lonely
But it ain't that the world don't love me
But it's like that when I gotta make the money
Faithful, livin' in a hateful world, it's all about our family and how we grow
Can I get a witness? Let it unfold
We livin' our lives til eternal our soul
Yeah, and here we roll, cold, with the Thug N Harmony
Lil' punk in the trunk
Set 'em up with the murder
Eazy E died, he gone, and now Bone and Mo! seekin' revenge on this song
Soon to take him head on and he's drunk
Midnight fell, that gotta be wrong
I be bustin' on somethin'
Maintain, chill pill to the brain
My people will not let me tryin' to take one destruction, Bang!
And I'm thuggin' off at the golden gate safely
See you at the crossroads, crossroads, crossroads
So you won't be lonely
See you at the crossroads, crossroads, crossroads
So you won't be lonely
See you at the crossroads, crossroads, crossroads
So you won't be lonely
See you at the crossroads, crossroads, crossroads
So you won't be lonely