Ayo, what the fuck you think a record by Pussycat Dolls featuring Busta Rhymes is gon' sound like?
Okay (Ah)
Yeah (Ah)
Oh, we about to get it just a little hot and sweaty in this motherfucker (Ooh, baby)
Ladies, let's go (Uh)
Soldiers, let's go (Dolls)
Let me talk to y'all and just, you know, give you a little situation
Listen (Fellas)
You see this shit get hot
Every time I come through when I step up in the spot (Are you ready?)
Make the place sizzle like a summertime cookout
Prowl for the best chick, yes, I'm on the lookout (Let's dance)
Slow bangin' shorty like a belly dancer wit' it
Smell good, pretty skin, so gangsta wit' it (Ooh, baby)
No tricks, only diamonds under my sleeve
Gimme the number, but make sure you call before you leave
I know you like me (I know you like me)
I know you do (I know you do)
That's why whenever I come around
She's all over you
And I know you want it (I know you want it)
It's easy to see (It's easy to see)
And in the back of your mind, I know
You should be fuckin' with me (Ah)
Don't cha wish your girlfriend was hot like me?
Don't cha wish your girlfriend was a freak like me?
Don't cha?
Don't cha?
Don't cha wish your girlfriend was raw like me?
Don't cha wish your girlfriend was fun like me?
Don't cha? (Ah)
Don't cha?
Fight the feelin' (Fight the feelin')
Leave it alone (Leave it alone)
'Cause if it ain't love (Oh)
It just ain't enough to leave a happy home (Uh-uh, uh-uh)
Let's keep it friendly (Let's keep it friendly)
You have to play fair (You have to play fair, yeah)
See, I don't care, but I know
She ain't gon' wanna share (Ah, ah-ah), ooh, oh
Don't cha wish your girlfriend was hot like me? (Oh)
Don't cha wish your girlfriend was a freak like me? (Like me)
Don't cha? (Don't cha, baby?)
Don't cha? (Alright, sing)
Don't cha wish your girlfriend was raw like me? (Raw)
Don't cha wish your girlfriend was fun like me? (Big fun)
Don't cha? (Okay, I see how it's goin' down; Ah-ah-ah)
Don't cha? (Seem like shorty wanna little ménage pop off or somethin')
Let's go
Well, let me get straight to it
Every broad wanna watch a nigga when I come through it
It's the God almighty, lookin' all brand new-ish
Shorty wanna jump in my Aston Vanquish
Lookin' at me all like she really wanna do it
Tryna put it on me 'til my balls black and blueish (Blueish)
You wanna play with a player, girl, then play on
Strip out the Chanel and leave the lingerie on (Ha)
Watch me and I'ma watch you at the same time
Lookin' at you wanna break my back (Ha)
You're the very reason why I keep a pack of the Magnum
And with the wagon, hit you in the back of the Magnum (Hahahaha)
For the record, I don't think it was somethin' you did
Shorty all on me 'cause it's hard to resist the kid
I got a idea that's dope for y'all
As y'all could get cold so I could hit the both of y'all
See, I know she loves you (I know she loves ya)
I understand (So I understand, yeah)
I'd probably be just as crazy about you
If you were my own man
Maybe next lifetime (Maybe next lifetime)
Possibly (Possibly)
Until then, old friend, your secret is
Safe with me (Shh, hot)
Don't cha wish your girlfriend was hot like me? (Oh)
Don't cha wish your girlfriend was a freak like me? (Like me)
Don't cha? (Don't cha, baby?)
Don't cha? (Alright, sing)
Don't cha wish your girlfriend was raw like me? (Raw)
Don't cha wish your girlfriend was fun like me? (Big fun)
Don't cha? (Ah)
Don't cha?